Disclaimer: use it at your own risk, unmaintained ...

The main idea was to be able to browse the resources WITHOUT creating additional tables/database to move them into.
   This was the main constraint in mind, not creating additional tables, otherwise you can ofc do better.
   I know that you can do the parsing in php or some other language and drop them into another table/database for running queries
   but that would require additional work and maybe setting up crons to do that every hour or so for the newly spawned ...
   This too you just attach without creating anything else cause it interfaces directly with the existing database.
   I haven't tested it against a database with an extremely large number of resources (like after years and years of 
   gameplay) but it should still work.

Status : filters resources using keywords, orders them by the selected attribute, has color codding for poor/good/very good, shows percent of caps, shows past (with keywords only search to limit the number) or available as well, has pagination (10 rows by default).

How to use 
Fill in keywords in the input field like "nab,woo,hide" and chose an attribute for ordering (ex. OQ), you get back all "Naboo Wooly Hide" ordered by quality.
Very usefull before using resource crates. If no keywords are used it just shows all the currenlty available resources.


Tested on Firefox

Purpose is to create a basic resource browser interface that doesn't require additional work (like filling values in GH or feeding xml in there every x days)
Don't judge, i learned programming 200 years ago and it shows. I'm sure you can do something better, just do it !

You're free to use/improve/redistribute, i don't care

Install steps:
1.copy all files in a "res" folder (for example) under htdocs on your web server
2.check file permission/access settings for access via web
3.configure db connection data at the top at the "res.php" file and the limit (!!! default 10 results per page !!!) same place
4.access via some URL like https://127.0.0.1/res/res.php
5.enjoy !
